hey guys welcome back to my channel
you're in the right place if you're
looking for anything that is low-carb
diet related I have a little bit more
light in this video if used to tune in
see my last video I was filming at like
9 o'clock at night and it's a little bit
dark but today we've got some natural
light pouring in I'm so excited for this
video if you didn't see my last video
which I just mentioned it was about a
recipe for transitioning back into your
low carb diet I got a couple comments
about transitioning back in and people
wanted to see more so I thought what a
great idea especially now because it's
not yet the new year we still got some
time you still got some time to indulge
and enjoy the holiday but get your mind
set maybe put it at ease maybe alleviate
some of the stress that you might be
feeling because you know that January
1st or a second you're gonna be starting
low carb again these are going to be
some of my like go-to top products
hopefully this won't be too long I just
have a handful of things that for me
personally helped me stay on track when
I'm starting again the main theme of
this video though is to be prepared be
prepared because the worst thing you can
do for yourself is say you're gonna
start a diet tomorrow and have nothing
planned have no products that fit into
your lifestyle whatever diet you
planning you're planning on starting
over again if you don't have the items
that you need in the food that you know
you're gonna like you're not gonna
succeed I can already tell you that
right now so this video is just gonna be
a bunch of products that I love nothing
is sponsored it's just everything that I
think might help you for transitioning
into your low carb lifestyle again and
just what I'm loving right now so it's
kind of like a favorites of the moment
slash how to get back on track slash
transitioning back to your low carb
lifestyle and staples that I think you
need in your pantry in your fridge and
some things in your freezer so if you're
interested in that definitely keep
watching if you're new to my channel
definitely subscribe this is the little
peace of heart Channel I had a low carb
cooking blog which is always linked down
below in the description box and yeah my
name is Kathleen Hart I'm
currently 26 weeks pregnant with my
second baby which is going to be a girl
and I have a 21 month old son named
Austin so that's where we're at right
now I'm not currently on the strict
low-carb diet but next year I will
definitely be getting back on the
low-carb train don't worry I will be
there and I will take you guys along for
the ride when the time comes of course
but in the meantime I'm just sharing
everything and anything that I can think
up that will help you on your low-carb
journey and today just happens to be
products that I think you need to have
to survive on your low carb lifestyle so
let's get on into it and we're gonna
start at the very beginning of the day
alright so the first thing if you like
your sweetened coffee drinks if you're a
Starbucks girl a Dunkin Donuts girl I've
gotten a little bit back into the
addiction not gonna lie and being
pregnant it's it's almost addicting it
really is but you need to replace that
with something else so what you need to
do to be prepared for this if you're not
ready to go back to drinking black
coffee or black coffee with heavy cream
or unsweetened or don't don't even
torture yourself that way get yourself a
a good sugar-free creamer I am obsessed
with the International delights coffee
creamers the sugar-free ones there are
usually 1 gram of carbs this one's less
than 1 gram of carb per tablespoon they
taste delicious they actually taste
better than the Starbucks drinks because
they don't give you the negative side
effects that Starbucks and Dunkin do
because they have all of that sugar in
their drinks you just add a splash or
two of this to your coffee and I promise
you will not feel like you're on a diet
anymore you won't feel like up waking up
the first day of your diet and you're
drinking black coffee don't do that to
yourself don't do that you can work up
to that if that's where you want to be
eventually it's drinking black coffee or
no coffee or coffee with cream and
that's it no sugar you can get there but
when you're transitioning back into the
lifestyle take it easy on yourself
because that's how you're going to stick
to it and that's how it becomes a
lifestyle small changes over time
some people like to just jump right in
I'm not one of them
so this I would highly highly recommend
this is the caramel macchiato flavor
love it
so for breakfast you know I'm holding up
a yogurt right now which I'll talk about
in a second but breakfasts are kind of
easy because if you're an egg and bacon
person you're good to go
if you haven't tried my breakfast bombs
you need to try them they're made with
sausage and cheese and mushroom and egg
so good and you can prep them ahead of
time and bring them on the go those are
great I also think that some people
don't always like those savory
breakfasts they want something more
sweet so I mentioned in a previous
breakfast video some paleo pancake mix
which I'll put a picture of right here
that is great but also too if you're one
of those people who likes yogurt or
something along those lines
grab yourself the brand too good yogurt
it's so good it's not a super super
sweet flavor at all but it's only two
grams of sugar and three grams of carbs
carbs for the whole container so that is
just great and it doesn't make you feel
like you're deprived you're still having
something that's sweet
for breakfast so I would highly
recommend this brand for sure if you're
looking for a s'more sweet breakfast and
then since you are transitioning back to
low carb you could even add some fresh
raspberries to this some blueberries
some low glycemic fruit that is your
favorite the possibilities are endless I
also mentioned in a breakfast video the
low carb granola that I like that's
great too there's just too many options
out there for you to not be prepared and
to succeed on your low-carb journey so
there you go there's you just got a plan
for it so those are like my two main
things for breakfast to get yourself a
good coffee creamer get yourself a good
breakfast get yourself set up so that
you have these items and you don't have
to even think about it you don't even
have to think about it because they're
already there okay so the next thing I
wanted to talk about is a drink that
I've been loving that I literally just
found I started drinking spindrift the
brand spindrift because they were on
sale and I always wanted to try them so
I bit the bullet and got the grapefruit
flavor
I love the grapefruit flavor it has a
couple
more carbs either five or six per can
but I'm not super hardcore crazy right
now but then I was in target and I saw
the flavor half tea half lemon and if
you guys have seen any of my other
videos I talked about a couple different
drinks that I like where it's like a
half tea half lemonade type of drink
this is so good
it's just that the flavors that I like
it's not super sweet the only
ingredients in this is gonna be
carbonated water fresh lemon juice and
brewed black tea no sugar added one gram
of carbs for the whole can and five
calories so I'm obsessed with this one
plus I just think the labeling that they
have is so nice and if you guys know me
I'm a sucker for good packaging so I
just love this can but this for one gram
of carbs if you're looking for a soda
substitute or something that's not water
but it's still carbonated water with a
tiny bit of caffeine in there from the
black tea it's just such a great
afternoon pick-me-up especially if you
don't want to go for that second cup of
coffee or third or fourth in the
afternoon you want something that's a
little bit more mellow this is great and
I didn't I had one of these yesterday I
didn't feel like the caffeine was super
strong either so that was really good
because sometimes tea is a little too
strong for me but that's for another
video
but anyway this I highly recommend one
gram of carbs transition from soda
everybody loves Coke Zero every once in
a while I'm guilty of that but I know
it's not the best choice this is even
better with just good ingredients so
spindrift highly recommend there's a ton
of flavors you could actually go and
check the carbs and see like what fits
into your macros for transitioning you
might even be able to fit in the
grapefruit one or they have raspberry
lime there's just there's a ton of
flavors I love them little pricey but
totally worth it if you've never tried
it before definitely at least give it a
try okay transitioning back to the low
carb lifestyle after having cakes
cookies sweets Christmas treats
Christmas cookies holiday parties office
parties the list goes on
get yourself a candy bar substitute ASAP
the sugar come down can be hard I
totally recognize that
I will be in that boat in a little bit
believe me but I recently found
elevation bars I had to say that
literally three times I can't talk today
elevation bars that I got from Aldi I
just love these these are the coconut
ones the are there chocolate coconut two
net carbs for this whole bar I
absolutely love these they're great they
taste like a mounds bar they're so
delicious they don't even taste fake
either which is the best part like it
literally tastes like real chocolate
real coconut everything so check your
stores eat especially in like the
organic section that's real like I find
a lot of low carb products and if you
don't have an Aldi near you if you do
have an Aldi I suggest going there and
scoping out the low carb products
because I found a ton and I will link
above the video and also in the
description box the video where I went
to Aldi and I found like a bunch of low
carb snacks that place is amazing at
least mine is for finding some low carb
gems for staying on track but you need
to be prepared so definitely get
yourself a protein bar substitute that
tastes of the candy bar I also like the
power Crunch Bars those are a bomb
they're like a wafer cookie bar okay I
had to grab it because I have one so
this is gonna be like the mint chocolate
chip version mint chocolate yeah
chocolate mint high protein crunchy
wafer cookie thing delicious delicious
so if you feel like you're one of those
people that will create like a sweet you
have a sweet tooth in the afternoon or
maybe before bed or something at least
get a healthy alternative that you know
you can grab and it's there waiting for
you plan plan plan plan that's the theme
of this video and then it will keep you
on track if you're not a person who is a
sweet tooth person and you need
something salty crunchy you know just
something that's not sweet I would
recommend going and checking out your
stores these I got from Aldi for some
kind of cracker substitute you can
obviously make your own that's probably
the best way to go for most of these
things who's got time for that I don't
have time for that anymore not anymore
if you do great capitalise on that go on
Pinterest find yourself a low-carb
cracker recipe make those babies
package Bob great if you don't they
these I actually found at Aldi these are
cauliflower crackers they're actually
pretty good they grow on you the more
you eat the more they become like a
normal cracker if you're one of the
people who need something that's like a
savory snack these I would definitely
grab totally these are not at Aldi they
have something very similar a giant and
shop right and Wegmans it just depends
like you have to just look at your store
you have to just go and just take a look
and I've been shopping online a lot more
for my groceries and then I just go and
pick them up that makes my life so much
easier because if I'm looking for a
cauliflower cracker I just type in the
search for our cauliflower cracker and
then I get my list you know you get a
list from what the store has and you
click it Add to Cart and then the nice
people at the grocery store come when
you pick your groceries up and they
actually put it in your car you don't
have to go searching through the aisles
for what you want
you can just look at the box the label
or the nutritional facts and everything
when you're ordering your groceries so
that's another option as well if you
don't want to be tempted at the grocery
store that's another tip that I think is
awesome I've been saving a lot of money
doing it actually this way is ordering
my groceries online and going to the
stores that I know I can get the best
deals at for that specific week so that
definitely is a big tip if you don't
want to be tempted by the high carb high
sugar things order your groceries online
only get what you need and be done with
it so that's great too okay so let's
talk dinner because I kind of did a
little bit of everything here I mean
this is just kind of like a favorites
video so it's just a little bit of
everything but for dinner items I think
you need to have a great pizza crust go
to yeah
I've tested my recipe for cauliflower
pizza crust a bazillion times yes the
zillion is a word it's it's more than a
billion it's more than a zillion it's
it's up there it's just unreal how many
times I had tested this recipe and I
cannot perfect it so then I just decided
you know what I'm taking a break I'm
going to try out some low carb pizza
crusts that I can buy at the store
this one is cauliflower foods
you get two in a box I had to have my
husband picked this up on his way home
from his job it wasn't even anywhere
local he found it at King's grocery
store a little expensive so worth it I'm
actually gonna do a dedicated video
showing how amazing this crust is but
you get two per box I believe this was
$10 don't quote me on that it might have
been more might have been less but this
brand cauliflower foods is just
phenomenal
so this crust is as big as this box
which is pretty big and it's gonna be
splitting it into three servings per
crust and it's one gram of carbs so the
entire crust is only three grams of
carbs so up my alley it tastes delicious
it's literally the perfect pizza crust
recipe already completely done for you
like I tested my recipes so many times
wasted so much money weights and so much
time like was so disappointed in myself
that I couldn't get it perfect and even
tried other people's recipes and I just
didn't like them like because people
don't want to taste cauliflower when
they're eating a cauliflower pizza crust
I don't care what anybody says the
reason why you're eating this is because
you don't want to eat the high carb
version but you also don't want to be
eating cauliflower pizza like no one
wants that you just want a pizza
substitute that's low carb that still
tastes like pizza this is it this is it
so I'm gonna be like I said I'm gonna be
doing a video just showing you how I
make my favorite pizza on this it's
gonna be amazing so definitely subscribe
just for that video next year but that
pizza crust if you can find it at your
store definitely check it out I'm gonna
link down below their website where you
can type in your zip code and just see
if there's any stores around you that
have it if you do snag it I literally
have my husband probably buy like $40
worth of pizza crust the other day it's
that weird that seems a little crazy now
that I'm saying it out loud especially
to you guys but it's the truth
and I tell you guys the truth so I found
a product that's good
I stick with it so I may never post a
recipe for cauliflower pizza
that is just my own original version I
might just stick with that because it's
easy it's packaged it's ready to go and
I know it's gonna be great so definitely
pick that up if you're able to for side
dishes and dinners what you need to do
is check out your stores refrigerated
freezer section for frozen vegetables I
don't know why I never really thought to
do this but I've been doing it lately at
Wegmans specifically I did it at Aldi I
did it a giant and I'm trying to think
where else Walmart but Walmart didn't
have a great selection they were
probably the lowest on the totem pole
Aldi was definitely the best Wegmans Oh
a second Wegmans actually has a great
cauliflower broccoli pine nut garlic
sauce veggie concoction that they have
in their frozen section if I can find it
I'll put a picture here there's no
picture here
sad face because I couldn't find a
picture of it online but I will try for
you guys but if you can find that
they're usually pretty low-carb I
recently picked up from Alvey be brights
cauliflower garlic and herb already
ready to go don't stress yourself out
especially in the first couple weeks
especially if you're prone to get the
keto flu for making all of these things
from scratch homemade cauliflower rice
homemade cauliflower mash mac and cheese
cauliflower style like all of these
things that you might want to have that
you're craving if you're not one of
those people that likes cooking or
you're not feeling well from the keto
flu just transitioning back in get
yourself some ready-made things like
this that will keep you on track you can
just heat up really quickly and have a
good balance than our maybe saute up
some chicken some shrimp and have this
on the side this I love rice cauliflower
in a bag this is just the Aldi version
but I mean you can get like Green Giant
has it now usually store brands will
have it giant has their own brand that I
know of and they're just easy and good
and you can even dr. up the flavors if
you feel like it needs it sometimes I
like to add a little bit more butter
some garlic powder some onion powder
more salt more pepper and it just makes
it feel homemade but like you're not
depriving yourself the only other thing
I wanted to mention in this video
is these to go along with the vegetable
frozen kick that I'm talking on right
now these are fire roasted vegetables
with a balsamic butter sauce and they
just looked amazing I'm going to be I
tried another version of this it was
different flavors and it was amazing so
I have no doubt that this is gonna be
amazing as well these were also from
Aldi and they just looked so delicious
and you can cook these like in the pan
or in the microwave I like to do it in
like a saute pan it just gets so good
but like just listen to how good this
sounds grilled red and yellow peppers
cherry tomatoes baby carrots green beans
champagne mushrooms baby onions and
balsamic vinegar uh yes yes yes check
check check
yes please I want this on my plate
clearly or so pop some steak grill some
shrimp like I said do some baked chicken
you don't need to go super crazy to have
good flavors let a company do it for you
especially in the beginning when you're
transitioning you just have to prepare a
little bit and have these things in your
pantry in your fridge and freezer ready
for when you need them so I really hope
you guys like this video I'm excited for
the new year but I'm more excited for
the holidays first I'm gonna try to get
this video up ASAP so that you guys have
it for when you're planning your meals
for next week after the holidays after
everything dies down and I really hope
to help if you guys are liking these
transitional videos if you want more
transitional recipes I have a couple
more that I was thinking about filming
if you're interested but with all that
being said 2019 was an awesome year so
many awesome things happen so many great
things all these great things to be
grateful for so I'm really excited to
close the chapter on 19 and even more
excited to open the book for 2020 so I
hope you guys are too I hope you guys
are ready we're gonna do a lot of fun
stuff next year I'm really excited I'm
excited about growing this channel I
also have another lifestyle channel on
YouTube as well and I'm too excited to
grow that as well and I don't know I'm
just so glad you guys have been
supportive of me this year and I in
years past as well some of you have been
with me since the very beginning which
is going on for years now so
really appreciate you guys I love all of
you I hope you have an awesome holiday I
don't know if I'll get up another video
before the Christmas holiday but if I
don't have a very merry christmas happy
holiday however you choose to celebrate
enjoy yourself
don't stress out enjoy your loved ones
be thankful be grateful and just have an
amazing awesome couple days it's gonna
be so much fun I'm so excited but I hope
you guys subscribe and like this video
and I will see you very soon with a new
one but until then have an amazing day
have an awesome holiday and I'll talk to
you later bye